samples: rename template to sid_end_device (#494)
nrfconnect/sdk-sidewalk: doc/samples/variants/dut.rst

.. _sidewalk_dut:

Device Under Test
#################

This sample demonstrates a Device Under Test application.

Overview
********

Device under test generic application having activated CLI including functionality for on_dev_certification for manufacturing process.

.. _sidewalk_dut_user_interface:

User Interface
**************

> No specific buttons and leds actions for dut.

Reviewer: Buttons and LEDs working like in hello app. Why not describe it also here

Author: The last requirement was to prepare a dut sample variant next to hello and demo. It doesn't use any led or buttons

.. _sidewalk_dut:

Device Under Test
#################

> This sample demonstrates a Device Under Test application.

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to elaborate on this?

Overview
********

> Device under test generic application having activated CLI including functionality for on_dev_certification for manufacturing process.

Reviewer 2: I'm having troubles understanding this part. Can this be changed into a regular sentence?

.. _sidewalk_dut_user_interface:

> User Interface

Reviewer 2: If there are no interface descriptions, the section can be removed

**************

No specific buttons and leds actions for dut.

Configuration
*************

.. note::

>     To build Sidewalk end device as sensor monitoring application
>     use ``OVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-dut.conf"``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To build the Device under test application variant of the Sidewalk end device, use the ``OVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-dut.conf"`` configuration.
```
